fix(mix-blend-mode): replace "parent and background" with "backdrop" in description (#44323)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/mix-blend-mode/index.md

sidebar: cssref
---

> The **`mix-blend-mode`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets how an element's content should blend with its **backdrop** — the content rendered behind the element within the same [stacking context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_positioned_layout/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`mix-blend-mode`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets how an element's content should blend with its _backdrop_ — the content rendered behind the element within the same [stacking context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Positioned_layout/Stacking_context).
```
